

todo:
	we should be able to fade from one color to another using a modifier key like ctrl
    figure out how to use ctrl
    if ctrl + color key is pressed then we dont just add a color at that time stamp,
      we add "in between" colors every 1/5th? of a second all the way from the previous timestamp that was added to that ball
        make a function that takes these inputs: 
          temp_dict, new_color, new_timestamp
        and returns a new temp_dict that has a bunch of "in between" colors - this will be set as our new dictionary
  
  strobe ability
    either use alt or shift as the modifier for this, so pick one and make a print that proves that we can detect when a key is used with one of these modifier
    this will be similar to fade in that it uses a special function that puts a whole bunch of color changes into the dictionary, the difference is that instead of fading, it does a rapid switch between black and the color that was pressed and this strobe continues up until the next color is pressed.
      there is something extra to consider here in that when the next key is pressed it must remove all strobing after that point for that ball was pressed.
        for example:
          1 red
          2000 (blue begins) blue
          2050 black
          2100 blue
          2150 black
          ...
          3400 blue
          3450 black
          3500 blue
          3550 black
          ...
          9500 blue
          9550 black
          9600 song ends
        now, imagine once the song gets up to 3550 the user presses yellow,
          at this point it removes every strobe after 3550
            TO DECIDE ON:
              how does it know the keys that are part of a astrobe?
               with our current way of handling this it would just make the yellow up to the next color command
                MAYBE - use another modifier key that instead of just inserting a key into the program it actually overrides all future keys. i think this is good.

Hatice:
  what happened to the texts folder? I thought we had a special folder to hold all the text files made by the program?








bug:


